---
layout: post
title: Meme Defs
featured: true
author: admin
tags: [meme, memeculture, memecult, memetics, memeticalgorithm, memetictheory, dankmemes, cryptotwitter, conscioushack, cryptopsychedelic, conscioushiphop, ]
image: '/images/memeticsthumbnail.jpg'
---
<p>Memetics is the theory of mental content based on an analogy with Darwinian evolution, originating from the popularization of Richard Dawkins' 1976 book The Selfish Gene. Proponents describe memetics as an approach to evolutionary models of cultural information transfer.</p>

<p>- <b>Google Dictionary</b></p>
<br>
<p>
Memetics is the study of information and culture based on an analogy with Darwinian evolution. Proponents describe memetics as an approach to evolutionary models of cultural information transfer. Critics regard memetics as a pseudoscience. Memetics describes how an idea can propogate successfully, but doesn't necessarily imply a concept is factual.
</p>
<p>
The term meme was coined in Richard Dawkins' 1976 book The Selfish Gene, but Dawkins later distanced himself from the resulting field of study. Analogous to a gene, the meme was conceived as a "unit of culture" (an idea, belief, pattern of behaviour, etc.) which is "hosted" in the minds of one or more individuals, and which can reproduce itself in the sense of jumping from the mind of one person to the mind of another. Thus what would otherwise be regarded as one individual influencing another to adopt a belief is seen as an idea-replicator reproducing itself in a new host. As with genetics, particularly under a Dawkinsian interpretation, a meme's success may be due to its contribution to the effectiveness of its host.
</p>
<p>- <b>Wikipedia</b></p>
<br>
<p>
n. me·me'tics 
</p>
<p>
An alternate spelling of mimetics. It is a collective noun for which the same form is both singular and plural. 
</p>
<p>1. The area of study relating to viral cultural ideas that spread from person to person. C.F. meme. </p>
From Greek /mimetikos/ good at imitating. 
<p>1. His memetic filters prevented the horrific blood and gore from invading his mind.</p> 

<p>2. The program ran memetically through the neural network.</p>

<p>3. Mimetics is the study of memes.</p>

<p>- <b>Urban Dictionary</b></p>
<br>
<p>meme</p>
<p>mēm</p>
<p>noun</p>
<p>an element of a culture or system of behavior that may be considered to be passed from one individual to another by nongenetic means, especially imitation.</p>
<p>a humorous image, video, piece of text, etc., that is copied (often with slight variations) and spread rapidly by Internet users.
</p>
<p>- <b>Google Dictionary</b></p>
<br>
<p>A meme (/miːm/ MEEM) is an idea, behavior, or style that spreads from person to person within a culture—often with the aim of conveying a particular phenomenon, theme, or meaning represented by the meme. A meme acts as a unit for carrying cultural ideas, symbols, or practices, that can be transmitted from one mind to another through writing, speech, gestures, rituals, or other imitable phenomena with a mimicked theme. Supporters of the concept regard memes as cultural analogues to genes in that they self-replicate, mutate, and respond to selective pressures.</p>

<p>Proponents theorize that memes are a viral phenomenon that may evolve by natural selection in a manner analogous to that of biological evolution. Memes do this through the processes of variation, mutation, competition, and inheritance, each of which influences a meme's reproductive success. Memes spread through the behavior that they generate in their hosts. Memes that propagate less prolifically may become extinct, while others may survive, spread, and (for better or for worse) mutate. Memes that replicate most effectively enjoy more success, and some may replicate effectively even when they prove to be detrimental to the welfare of their hosts.</p>
<p>- <b>Wikipedia</b></p>
<br>
<p>meme</p>
<p>its not a word, its a lifestyle.</p>
<p>- <b>Urban Dictionary</b></p>

